Not only can you listen to the updates in your form, you can also update the form on your own,
just like in the template driven approach, setValue and patchValue are there for you.
I will quickly show it here.
You can of course on your form as a whole call setValue and pass a Javascript object which should
now resemble the object structure up here when you create the form,
so where you have your userData which then is an object, where you have your username and set this equal
to Max for example,
have your e-mail, set this equal to max@test.com, have your gender, male and of course your hobbies,
potentially an empty array.
So if we do this, we should see that now our form is pre-populated with some values because we immediately
call setValue and of course you can also call this upon the click of a button.
And as in the template driven approach, you also have patchValue of course if you only want to update
a part of the form, like for example the username, switch this to Anna,
now you should see that the username is changed to Anna,
the rest still contains the values I set with setValue.
So just to bring this to your attention, patchValue and setValue are also available and the same is true
for resetting,
so if we want to reset the form after submitting it, we can simply call reset here.
So let's quickly do this
and hit submit,
now it's gone.
So this empties our form,
now with that, you should have the tools to work with the form, to configure it to your needs and to really
build powerful forms. Time to practice this in the next assignment.